First set of Gorry's nits (#3742)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

({{frame-reset-stream}}).

A sender MUST NOT send any of these frames from a terminal state ("Data Recvd"
or "Reset Recvd").  A sender MUST NOT send a STREAM or STREAM_DATA_BLOCKED frame

> for a stream in the "Reset Sent" state or any terminal state; that is, after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a stream in the "Reset Sent" state or any terminal state, that is, after
```

> If a server receives a packet that has an unsupported version, but the packet is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a server receives a packet that indicates an unsupported version but is large
```

> sufficiently large to initiate a new connection for any version supported by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enough to initiate a new connection for any one supported version,
```

> server, it SHOULD send a Version Negotiation packet as described in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the server SHOULD send a Version Negotiation packet as described in
```

the first packet is of type Initial, with packet number 0, and contains a CRYPTO
frame carrying the ClientHello.

Multiple QUIC packets -- even of different packet types -- can be coalesced into
a single UDP datagram; see {{packet-coalesce}}. As a result, this handshake may

> consist of as few as 4 UDP datagrams, or any number more up to the limits
> inherent to the protocol, such as congestion control or anti-amplification.  For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consist of as few as 4 UDP datagrams, or any number more (subject to limits
inherent to the protocol, such as congestion control or anti-amplification).  For
```
